Remove usage of 'Detach' from guide. Button changed name. (#691)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/storage.rst

   layout when extending the pool!

.. _ExportDisconnect a Pool:

Export/Disconnect a Pool
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To export or destroy an existing pool, click the pool name,
|ui-settings|, then
:guilabel:`Export/Disconnect`. Keep or erase the contents of the pool

> by selecting an option shown in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by setting the options shown in
```

> :guilabel:`Export/Disconnect`. The choice to retain or delete the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Export/Disconnect`. The choice to keep or erase the
```

> contents of the pool depends upon the selections made in the screen

Reviewer: "depends upon" is odd.  The choice doesn't depend on the options, the options must be set to do what the user chooses. Rewrite this sentence to be clearer.

   | that used this pool?              | of the shares on the pool.          |
   |                                   |                                     |
   +-----------------------------------+-------------------------------------+
   | Confirm export/disconnect         | Confirm the export/disconnect       |
   |                                   | process.                            |
   |                                   |                                     |
   +-----------------------------------+-------------------------------------+

> To export/disconnect the pool while retaining the data and share

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To export/disconnect the pool and keep the data and configurations of shares,
```

> configurations, set the :guilabel:`Confirm export/disconnect` option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set :guilabel:`Confirm export/disconnect`
```

> and click :guilabel:`EXPORT/DISCONNECT`. This operation allows the pool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and click :guilabel:`EXPORT/DISCONNECT`. This makes it possible to re-import
```

> to be re-imported at a later time. For example, when moving a pool from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the pool at a later time. For example, when moving a pool from
```

one system to another, perform this export/disconnect action first to
flush any unwritten data to disk, write data to the disk indicating
that the export was done, and remove all knowledge of the pool from
this system.

> To instead destroy the data and share configurations on the pool, set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To instead destroy the data and share configurations on the pool, also set
```

> all three options. This instructs the system to destroy the data on the

Reviewer: To replace the existing two sentences:
```suggestion
the :guilabel:`Destroy data on this pool?` option. Data on the pool is
destroyed, including share configuration, zvols, datasets, and the pool
itself. The disk is returned to a raw state.
```

   | that used this pool?              | of the shares on the pool.          |
   |                                   |                                     |
   +-----------------------------------+-------------------------------------+
   | Confirm export/disconnect         | Confirm the export/disconnect       |
   |                                   | process.                            |
   |                                   |                                     |
   +-----------------------------------+-------------------------------------+

To export/disconnect the pool and keep the data and configurations of shares,

> set :guilabel:`Confirm export/disconnect`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set **only** :guilabel:`Confirm export/disconnect`
```

and click :guilabel:`EXPORT/DISCONNECT`. This makes it possible to re-import
the pool at a later time. For example, when moving a pool from
one system to another, perform this export/disconnect action first to
flush any unwritten data to disk, write data to the disk indicating
that the export was done, and remove all knowledge of the pool from
this system.

To instead destroy the data and share configurations on the pool, also set
the :guilabel:`Destroy data on this pool?` option. Data on the pool is
destroyed, including share configuration, zvols, datasets, and the pool
itself. The disk is returned to a raw state.

> pool, datasets, zvols, and the configuration of each share. It returns

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> the individual disk to a raw state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Importing a Pool
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> This action can be used to reimport an exported/disconnected pool,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A pool that has been exported and disconnected from the system
can be reconnected with
:menuselection:`Storage --> Pools --> Add`,
then selecting :guilabel:`Import an existing pool`.
This works for pools that were exported/disconnected from the
current system, created on another system, or to reconnect a
pool after reinstalling the %brand% system.
```

> import a pool that was created on another system, or to import a pool after reinstalling an

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> existing %brand% system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

   installed to a new device and a saved configuration file restored
   to it, the GELI keys for encrypted disks will not be present, and
   the system will not request them. To correct this, export the
   encrypted pool with
   |ui-configure| :menuselection:`--> Export/Disconnect`,

>    making sure that the :guilabel:`Destroy data on this pool?` is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   making sure that :guilabel:`Destroy data on this pool?` is
```

>    **not** selected. Then import the pool again. During the import, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **not** set. Then import the pool again. During the import, the
```
